Mandy Muse: Mhmm, yeah, mhmm, feels good, huh?
Mandy Muse: ???
Mandy Muse: Feels good, huh?
Mandy Muse: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, do it harder, please.
NOTE: Facefucking ensues
Mandy Muse: [Put?] it in my mouth.
Mandy Muse: I want that [thing?] ???????????
Mandy Muse: Harder!
Mandy Muse: Harder, slap it. Yeah, harder.
Mandy Muse: Fucking pound me.
Mandy Muse: Fucking destroy me.
Mandy Muse: Destroy me. Yeah.
Mandy Muse: Yeah. Pound me? Yeaah. Ah yeah! Fuck yeah!
Mandy Muse: O-o-o-oh my god! Yeaah.
Mandy Muse: No, in my mouth. I want [it in?] your cum [in my mouth?], I wanna taste it, I wanna tell you how it tastes.
Mandy Muse: Tell you how it fucking tastes, CUM TO MY FUCKING MOUTH! CUM IN MY FUCKING MOUTH!
Mandy Muse: FUCKING POUND MY PUSSY UNTIL YOU CUM.
Mandy Muse: I WANT YOU TO FUCKING POUND ME AND TELL YOU THAT YOU'RE FUCKING CUMMING IN MY PUSSY.
Mandy Muse: I WANT YOU TO TELL ME HOW ???.
Mandy Muse: FUCKING POUND ME. PUT IT IN MY MOUTH. [PUT IT IN?]
Mandy Muse: PUT IT IN MY FUCKING ASS!
Mandy Muse: ??????? pussy, are you? Oh really, are you?
Mandy Muse: I don't think you can though.
Mandy Muse: Fuck my pussy.
Mandy Muse: Yeah, get that shit all lubed up.
Mandy Muse: Fuck ??? pussy. No...
Mandy Muse: Fuck my asshole... after you fuck my pussy. Fuck my pussy!
Mandy Muse: That's my asshole ??? my fucking pussy, not my asshole.